Trip Tracker

My thought process for creating this application was that it could be executed from a variety of different front ends with no change to the logic/data layers. For instance, if I want a console application I would have a simple call out to retrieve the data without the frontend needing to do any manupulation besides how it should be ordered, since that can vary per need. However, if I wanted I could easily add an MVC web project and it would just need a controller that makes a call to the logic layer and then map the BO to the viewmodel, but the logic layer doesn't change just because of the change to the front end type.

At first, I started by testing reading the files by writing a couple unit tests since it has been a while since I've done reading/writing to files. Previously when I do need to access files we (at work) have a generic process that we call that does all the heavy lifting so that we don't have to think about it. I tested and had it functionally reading from text files. Then I moved to writing the command logic and thereby created a driver logic and a trip logic. I wrote the basic framework that i thought I wanted in interfaces and then began writing a little bit of code in the driver and trip logic. Once I had the interfaces in place I started writing a few tests to get it to the point of outputing the data as I calculated it should be. Once I had tested the basic driver/trip logic and felt it was in a good place I moved onto the commandlogic and started doing testing there. However, I found that once I wrote a second command logic test, the data was persisting because the driver/trip logic holds the data in memory and wasn't getting cleared out between tests. So, I decided to write a clear data method to clear out the driver and trip logic data between each test so that it was like starting with a fresh set of data. Normally, I would have just used a mocking framework like moq or nsubstitute, and this wouldn't have been a problem, but because I was just saving the data in memory on the driver/trip logic objects it was easier to just write a simple clear data method. Once I had that working well and outputing the data as I thought it should be I started cleaning up files that I wasn't using and refactored a few things to be more clear or using more SOLID principles. I ran the tests one final time and called it a good day. Finally, I wrote my thoughts into this readme, and here we are.